Allow user to control behavior when login fails; warn by default (#946)
nsidc/earthaccess: docs/user_guide/backwards-compatibility.md

## Migration guides

### 0.14.0

> * `earthaccess.login()` will now fail by default if Earthdata Login rejects credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `earthaccess.login()` will now raise an exception by default if Earthdata Login rejects credentials.
```

>   We recommend you adjust your code to handle this. If you'd really like to disable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We recommend you adjust your code to handle this. If you want to disable
```
